# Why Blog?

Why am I writing a blog in 2024(5)? Because the blog is intended to be my personal wiki, but more organized and detailed, and a learning journal. I'm aware we are living in the era of articles generate by LLMs, and those articles to be SEO perfect that translate to more ad impressions. I'm not interested on monetize my blog, and less include ads.

Others would think it's old fashioned, but what I better way to learn than explain it.

I'm being realistic, my post won't be like so good as the people I follow, specially the first ones, but I don't care. Is this an excuse to do it bad? No, I'm going to do whatever under my hand to improve, English isn't my fist language, and as side effect I'm practicing my writing skills.

## Why am I currently hosting my blog in Github Pages?

I got the idea from [pretzelhammer's blog](https://github.com/pretzelhammer/rust-blog). I had the same problem as him, templates didn't work for me, I really tried but nothing. If I have to build some from zero, I'm going to spend more time trying to design it and doing it perfect than writing content.

Probably in some moment all the content is going to be migrated a to blog made from zero, but doesn't look is going to be in the near or mid term. I have already selected part of the stack, but without design and waiting some open issues to be solved, I have enough time to get used to writing.


## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| - | - |
| Created At: | 2024-28-12 09:41 |
| Updated At: | - |
| Tag | Blogging |